Lane Avery

Questions:

The Definition of Coercion that I believe is most accurate is, “the use of threatened force, including the limited use of actual force to back up the threat, to induce an adversary to behave in differently than it otherwise would.”  This is because one side is using the threat of force to influence an adversary’s behavior. 
Iran’s cyber activities would not be considered coercive because they are primarily in retaliation and not offensive. 
The Chinese word weishe means deterrence.
According to RAND, the “overriding” motivation for private sector breaches compared to state sponsored operations is that of financial reasons. 
The two countries explored as potential examples of Russian cyber coercion are Ukraine and Montenegro. 
The cyber operations conducted by Russia in the United States, German, and French elections are not considered cyber coercion because they are disinformation campaigns, not necessarily intended to change specific behaviors. 
The malware used in the attack against Ukraine in 2015 was the BlackEnergy Trojan. 
The political context that would lead Russia to conduct a DDoS attack on Montenegro was trying to coerce them to not join NATO.
The primary focus of Chinese cyber operations is espionage.
China blurs the line between military personnel and civilian personnel in the cyberspace domain as civilians could be used as cyber actors as well.
According to the 2005 edition of the AMS Science of Military Strategy, the two rules that deterrence play are to dissuade the opponent from doing something through deterrence, and the other is to persuade the opponent what ought to be done through deterrence.
North Korea is arguably the most likely to employ cyber operations as part of a coercive strategy, because of their perceptions that coercion largely pays off for them.

For this report, I am going to compare Russia and Iran’s use of cyber coercion. These two countries have used cyber coercion in widely different ways. 
Russia seems to primarily use coercion for influential purposes. Specifically, the cyber attacks on Ukraine and Montenegro have pointed towards Russia trying to change these countries' decision making. The state-sponsored attacks had similar intentions, as they were both against countries who were seeking to further Western ties by joining NATO and the EU. This seems to support other Russian disinformation campaigns. According to Russian Doctrine, cyber falls into their greater information warfare, and has been implemented multiple times. Strangely, Russia doesn’t seem to make demands prior to some cyberattacks. Other large scale cyber attacks usually include demands to the target country.  
Iran mainly utilizes cyber coercion for defensive reasons. Most attacks are against other countries in the region, such as Saudi Arabia. Regime survival is a key objective of Iran, so this fits their TTPs. However, Iran recently has improved some of their offensive capabilities. With the attack on an Iranian nuclear plant with the Stuxnet Virus, Tehran has looked into more advanced cyber means. This would give Tehran a deterrence against destructive cyberattacks as they would be better able to retaliate against adversarial countries. 
Russia and Iran are both countries that have utilized cyber coercion differently in the past. With the increased reliance on information systems worldwide, we will likely see these countries and others use coercion with different applications. 



